Dev documentation (#318)
Project-Kampong/kampong-backend: public/dev-docs/DeveloperGuide.adoc

[[Design-Services]]
=== Services Component
The `Services` component is made up of several 3rd party services:

* Mailer service comprising nodemailer
* Amazon Web Services comprising
** S3 client service
** SQS client service

Like the <<Design-Router,`ApiRouter`>>, these services implement the singleton pattern.

[[Design-Jobs]]
=== Jobs Component
Currently, the `Jobs` component consists of 2 cron jobs:

. Database backup
. Shuffling of featured listings

==== Database backup
This job depends on:

* `Services` component, more specifically, the S3 client service
* `Database` component

The database backup job, as the name suggests, runs at 5am (+8 GMT) daily to backup the application's database remotely using the AWS S3 client service.

==== Shuffling of featured listings
This job only depends on the <<Design-Repository,`Repository`>> component to fetch `Listing` table from the database and updates featured listings to a new set of 3 listings daily at 12am (+8 GMT).

== Implementation

[[Implementation-Auth]]
=== Authentication

> Authentication for Kampong App is done is 2 ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authentication for Kampong App is done in 2 ways:
```

* Social media authentication using OAuth2
* Email and password authentication

[[Implementation-Social-Media-Auth]]
==== Social Media Authentication

===== Aspect: Justification

> The reason for implementing social media authentication is to avoid any legal issues with regard to data usage / leakage that comes with storing sensitive user data. By implementing social media authentication, we ensure that any sensitive user data that we store is coming from an established organisation with their own set of privacy policies. (Don please rephrase this hahaha)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason for implementing social media authentication is to minimise the liabilities associated with storing sensitive user data. By implementing social media authentication, we minimise the storage of PII data (eg. password) on our platforms, hence, ensuring that no sensitive user data is being compromised.
```
